All the assets of the family
As soon as you say that Shen Meixuan's son is a Buddha
It's none of your business
Are you a city citizen?
Yes, yes, yes, for a metropolis.
Pit, senior
I'm fine, I didn't learn the industry first
Chen Meixuan has any conflicts with her predecessors
I'm willing to do my best for him
You want to arrive
Can you afford what we have to do?
I will definitely
Don't do that.
They will fight
I will accompany you to the end
Cheng Weixuan
How can you be so hard-spoken when you are about to die?
Before solving them
I don't recommend clearing the door first
The boy dares to speak horribly in front of our grandmaster
Didn't you say that there are three great masters?
Only two arrived.
Arrogant participation
One of us
Dying at my hands is a gift to you
This kid doesn't deserve to let the master take action
The disciple is willing to do it for you
The apprentice of the great master is nothing more than that
I don't know if the three grandmasters are the same trash